They voluntarily joined this assault force beings.
However, what is important is that they didn't spread για that they don't have any tax ingredients.
They don't call them erad пес falar much, so they are named the Special Attacks detachment.
They had written a device that if they hit something very close to the ground, the torpedo would explode.
If that is true, the torpedo that really came out of the submarine with a dangerous deck may explode immediately.
In order to defeat the enemy, they had to be as close as possible to the enemy.
If they were to release the torpedo, the enemy would immediately hit the enemy.
In the series of torpedoes, they're just Forbes Memorial 혐 oyn.
Food on the ship, patience pork
There was no need for such work at this time, if this was the case, the torpedo would still explode.
If its weight was this much, it would already bashupping.
if my buddies wish to play again if you are interested.
You burned the cow's load for 10% of a year without much effort.
Didn't you double your salary there?
I had to circling the Vortexhutorou.
In fact, you have the Fly again.
quite a bit of it in 10 years, which is妈
Do you understand it then?
Do they have enough food for the agitator?
For the armed forces C-217, theiosa conflict,
He didn't exist in the world.
But right after that,
he did something that his own staff didn't like.
He Making a especially happy case,
with some flowers.
He successioned the N adaptation he made with poor B.
Now he's Gloria's வιουλοιμα Conductor.
If they think that the Emperor was happy, they will be satisfied with everything.
The question of our main force, the battleship, is not only for the Japanese, but for the whole world.
We have been active in many ways.
However, the main force is the foundation of all the activities of the Navy.